Work out acceptable error margin for unit tests (one static
APPROX_ERROR) value isn't enough.

  c = converted
  s = sse
  S = sse2
  a = altivec
  t = tests
  T = tests pass

vec_add             acsStT
vec_sub             acsStT
vec_mult            acsSt
vec_div             acsStT
vec_addsc           acsStT
vec_subsc           acsSt
vec_multsc          acsSt
vec_divsc           acsSt
vec_nega            acsStT
vec_norm            acsStT
vec_angle           c
vec_anglenorm       c
vec_degree          c
vec_degreenorm      c
vec_dist            c
vec_assi            acsStT
vec_dotp            ac
vec_mag             c
vec_xprod           c
vec_zero            acsStT
